Now let's save this file
and we'll call it edit.blade.php
here we need to change the header to edit question
We don't need to change this link just skip that.
And here let's change the form action to questions dot update and pass the question instance or question
id.
Now here the http method of questions dot update needs to be put so let me show you again the routes
as we can see here the method is put or patch.
But here we cannot change this method to put like so because it will not work.
Instead we keep this method as post an inside this form
we can define
method field
put like this.
This will generate hidden input called the _method and the value is put once with some in the
form of will we all recognize that we send a put request.
OK last Let's change the button's text to Update question. Save the changes and let's see in our browser
back to all questions
and click the edit button.
Ok now we have our edit question show up
the title is edit question, the submit button is update question.
Now if we see the source
and find the form
we'll see here
As I said there's a hidden input _method with the value put. OK
one thing that we need to do in our edit form is to show the current questions information into
the form inputs right?
So here and here.
So let's go back to our editor switch to form
blade php
and here in the title input we have level old function calling.
As I said this function will retrieve flash input from the previous request and this function actually
receive a second argument as default value.
So in this case
we simply pass in the question title
as the second argument like
So. Sorry question title and let's do the same thing to the question body.
Save that and then reload the page
Alright
Now the title and the body has been populated with old questions information. Next let's try to change the
title
then click the submit button. As you may guess this will produce a blank page.
So let's go back to our editor one more time
Jump to update method.
First we need to validate the request right?
And here we simply change the type-hint of the first parameter from request to ask question request
and inside this method we simply say question update and then pass in the new title and body of the question.
And don't forget to redirect to all questions.
As I said in redirect function you can pass the URI
or chaining it with route method call
as we did in store method
after that we set up flash message.
let's say your question has been updated.
Save that and reload the page
hit continue.
All right here the update message appear
and the question title has changed.
Let's try one more time
edit any question
change the title
the body as well
And hit update question button.
Alright, we have successfully extended the functionality of our question form so that we can create
new question and update existing question and that's it for this lesson.
Don't forget to save your work to git repo
I'll flip over to my terminal
git add all
git commit -m and I'll say extend the form functionality
to be able to update
Question
and then push the current branch
switch to master branch
And then merge to lesson 9
And last push our master branch git push
origin master
OK great.
I'll see you in the next lesson.